cn.com.tomy.dida.DidaActivity
cn.com.tomy.dida.LogoActivity
cn.com.tomy.dida.MainActivity
cn.com.tomy.dida.MoreActivity
cn.com.tomy.dida.R$anim: int fade
cn.com.tomy.dida.R$anim: int hold
cn.com.tomy.dida.R$anim: int zoomin
cn.com.tomy.dida.R$anim: int zoomout
cn.com.tomy.dida.R$drawable: int add_note
cn.com.tomy.dida.R$drawable: int add_note_down
cn.com.tomy.dida.R$drawable: int audio
cn.com.tomy.dida.R$drawable: int audio_down
cn.com.tomy.dida.R$drawable: int audio_icon
cn.com.tomy.dida.R$drawable: int back
cn.com.tomy.dida.R$drawable: int bee
cn.com.tomy.dida.R$drawable: int bee1
cn.com.tomy.dida.R$drawable: int btn_add
cn.com.tomy.dida.R$drawable: int btn_login_nor
cn.com.tomy.dida.R$drawable: int cebtn
cn.com.tomy.dida.R$drawable: int checkbox_n
cn.com.tomy.dida.R$drawable: int checkbox_s
cn.com.tomy.dida.R$drawable: int default_bg
cn.com.tomy.dida.R$drawable: int default_bg2
cn.com.tomy.dida.R$drawable: int ecbtn
cn.com.tomy.dida.R$drawable: int edit_text
cn.com.tomy.dida.R$drawable: int home_btn_bg
cn.com.tomy.dida.R$drawable: int ic_launcher
cn.com.tomy.dida.R$drawable: int input_bg
cn.com.tomy.dida.R$drawable: int layoutbg
cn.com.tomy.dida.R$drawable: int list_above_nor
cn.com.tomy.dida.R$drawable: int list_below_nor
cn.com.tomy.dida.R$drawable: int list_mid_nor
cn.com.tomy.dida.R$drawable: int listview_bg
cn.com.tomy.dida.R$drawable: int login
cn.com.tomy.dida.R$drawable: int login_input_bg
cn.com.tomy.dida.R$drawable: int logo
cn.com.tomy.dida.R$drawable: int menu_book
cn.com.tomy.dida.R$drawable: int menu_more
cn.com.tomy.dida.R$drawable: int menu_search
cn.com.tomy.dida.R$drawable: int menu_test
cn.com.tomy.dida.R$drawable: int menu_tran
cn.com.tomy.dida.R$drawable: int moreitems_about_icon
cn.com.tomy.dida.R$drawable: int moreitems_version
cn.com.tomy.dida.R$drawable: int panel_bg
cn.com.tomy.dida.R$drawable: int readmode_icon
cn.com.tomy.dida.R$drawable: int register01
cn.com.tomy.dida.R$drawable: int register02
cn.com.tomy.dida.R$drawable: int search_btn
cn.com.tomy.dida.R$drawable: int searchbtn
cn.com.tomy.dida.R$drawable: int setting
cn.com.tomy.dida.R$drawable: int switchuser
cn.com.tomy.dida.R$drawable: int tab_focus
cn.com.tomy.dida.R$drawable: int tab_press
cn.com.tomy.dida.R$drawable: int tabwidget_background
cn.com.tomy.dida.R$drawable: int textfield_disabled
cn.com.tomy.dida.R$drawable: int textfield_disabled_selected
cn.com.tomy.dida.R$drawable: int textfield_pressed
cn.com.tomy.dida.R$drawable: int transbtn
cn.com.tomy.dida.R$drawable: int triangle
cn.com.tomy.dida.R$drawable: int voice
cn.com.tomy.dida.R$drawable: int widget_search
cn.com.tomy.dida.R$id: int about
cn.com.tomy.dida.R$id: int agreementCheckBox
cn.com.tomy.dida.R$id: int agreementText
cn.com.tomy.dida.R$id: int backBtn
cn.com.tomy.dida.R$id: int btn_add
cn.com.tomy.dida.R$id: int btn_aduio
cn.com.tomy.dida.R$id: int btn_search
cn.com.tomy.dida.R$id: int btn_tran
cn.com.tomy.dida.R$id: int btn_type
cn.com.tomy.dida.R$id: int btn_voice
cn.com.tomy.dida.R$id: int didaListview
cn.com.tomy.dida.R$id: int edit_search
cn.com.tomy.dida.R$id: int email
cn.com.tomy.dida.R$id: int emailBack
cn.com.tomy.dida.R$id: int emailContent
cn.com.tomy.dida.R$id: int emailSend
cn.com.tomy.dida.R$id: int emailTitle
cn.com.tomy.dida.R$id: int et_result
cn.com.tomy.dida.R$id: int et_value
cn.com.tomy.dida.R$id: int iconversion
cn.com.tomy.dida.R$id: int layoutIdea
cn.com.tomy.dida.R$id: int layoutNumber
cn.com.tomy.dida.R$id: int layoutSet
cn.com.tomy.dida.R$id: int listview_words
cn.com.tomy.dida.R$id: int ll_save_word
cn.com.tomy.dida.R$id: int llayout1
cn.com.tomy.dida.R$id: int loginBtn
cn.com.tomy.dida.R$id: int loginLayout
cn.com.tomy.dida.R$id: int logoIcon
cn.com.tomy.dida.R$id: int main_radio
cn.com.tomy.dida.R$id: int passWord
cn.com.tomy.dida.R$id: int radio_button0
cn.com.tomy.dida.R$id: int radio_button1
cn.com.tomy.dida.R$id: int radio_button2
cn.com.tomy.dida.R$id: int radio_button3
cn.com.tomy.dida.R$id: int radio_button4
cn.com.tomy.dida.R$id: int re_layout
cn.com.tomy.dida.R$id: int registerBtn01
cn.com.tomy.dida.R$id: int registerBtn02
cn.com.tomy.dida.R$id: int registerLayout
cn.com.tomy.dida.R$id: int registerPassWord
cn.com.tomy.dida.R$id: int registerUserName
cn.com.tomy.dida.R$id: int textSetIcon
cn.com.tomy.dida.R$id: int text_def
cn.com.tomy.dida.R$id: int text_orig
cn.com.tomy.dida.R$id: int text_pron
cn.com.tomy.dida.R$id: int text_trans
cn.com.tomy.dida.R$id: int text_word
cn.com.tomy.dida.R$id: int tv_save_word
cn.com.tomy.dida.R$id: int userName
cn.com.tomy.dida.R$id: int version
cn.com.tomy.dida.R$layout: int dida
cn.com.tomy.dida.R$layout: int email
cn.com.tomy.dida.R$layout: int listitem
cn.com.tomy.dida.R$layout: int listword
cn.com.tomy.dida.R$layout: int logo
cn.com.tomy.dida.R$layout: int main
cn.com.tomy.dida.R$layout: int more
cn.com.tomy.dida.R$layout: int register
cn.com.tomy.dida.R$layout: int test
cn.com.tomy.dida.R$layout: int tests
cn.com.tomy.dida.R$layout: int trans
cn.com.tomy.dida.R$layout: int wordsbook
cn.com.tomy.dida.R$string: int acbApi
cn.com.tomy.dida.R$string: int ago
cn.com.tomy.dida.R$string: int agreement
cn.com.tomy.dida.R$string: int app_name
cn.com.tomy.dida.R$string: int ask_for_local_search
cn.com.tomy.dida.R$string: int auto_renovate_memo
cn.com.tomy.dida.R$string: int auto_renovate_memo_tip
cn.com.tomy.dida.R$string: int c2e_ciku
cn.com.tomy.dida.R$string: int category_add_cateName_isNull
cn.com.tomy.dida.R$string: int category_add_cateName_maxLength
cn.com.tomy.dida.R$string: int category_add_fail
cn.com.tomy.dida.R$string: int category_add_ing
cn.com.tomy.dida.R$string: int category_add_success
cn.com.tomy.dida.R$string: int category_delete_fail
cn.com.tomy.dida.R$string: int category_delete_ing
cn.com.tomy.dida.R$string: int category_delete_success
cn.com.tomy.dida.R$string: int category_rename_fail
cn.com.tomy.dida.R$string: int category_rename_ing
cn.com.tomy.dida.R$string: int category_rename_success
cn.com.tomy.dida.R$string: int categoryadd
cn.com.tomy.dida.R$string: int categorydetele
cn.com.tomy.dida.R$string: int categoryrename
cn.com.tomy.dida.R$string: int checking_update
cn.com.tomy.dida.R$string: int checking_update_fail
cn.com.tomy.dida.R$string: int cixingbianhua
cn.com.tomy.dida.R$string: int ciyuan
cn.com.tomy.dida.R$string: int clear
cn.com.tomy.dida.R$string: int clear_cache
cn.com.tomy.dida.R$string: int clear_cache_all
cn.com.tomy.dida.R$string: int clear_cache_all_success
cn.com.tomy.dida.R$string: int clear_cache_history
cn.com.tomy.dida.R$string: int clear_cache_history_success
cn.com.tomy.dida.R$string: int clear_cache_sound
cn.com.tomy.dida.R$string: int clear_cache_sound_success
cn.com.tomy.dida.R$string: int clear_cache_tip
cn.com.tomy.dida.R$string: int clear_cache_word
cn.com.tomy.dida.R$string: int clear_cache_word_success
cn.com.tomy.dida.R$string: int complete_info
cn.com.tomy.dida.R$string: int connect_to_network_fail
cn.com.tomy.dida.R$string: int continue_register
cn.com.tomy.dida.R$string: int contract_way
cn.com.tomy.dida.R$string: int day
cn.com.tomy.dida.R$string: int deteleMemoWord_fail
cn.com.tomy.dida.R$string: int dictionary
cn.com.tomy.dida.R$string: int dictionary_menu_rotate
cn.com.tomy.dida.R$string: int dictionary_menu_rotate_no
cn.com.tomy.dida.R$string: int dowanload_local_search_data
cn.com.tomy.dida.R$string: int down
cn.com.tomy.dida.R$string: int down_developer
cn.com.tomy.dida.R$string: int down_name
cn.com.tomy.dida.R$string: int down_tip
cn.com.tomy.dida.R$string: int download_cancel
cn.com.tomy.dida.R$string: int e2c_ciku
cn.com.tomy.dida.R$string: int e2c_title
cn.com.tomy.dida.R$string: int e2e_title
cn.com.tomy.dida.R$string: int email_label
cn.com.tomy.dida.R$string: int feedback_content_isnull
cn.com.tomy.dida.R$string: int feedback_sure
cn.com.tomy.dida.R$string: int feedback_text01
cn.com.tomy.dida.R$string: int feedback_text02
cn.com.tomy.dida.R$string: int feedback_text03
cn.com.tomy.dida.R$string: int foundtip
cn.com.tomy.dida.R$string: int fyc
cn.com.tomy.dida.R$string: int fyc_title
cn.com.tomy.dida.R$string: int hcApi
cn.com.tomy.dida.R$string: int hello
cn.com.tomy.dida.R$string: int help_link
cn.com.tomy.dida.R$string: int hour
cn.com.tomy.dida.R$string: int is_dict_downLoading
cn.com.tomy.dida.R$string: int is_thesaurus_downLoading
cn.com.tomy.dida.R$string: int loading_word
cn.com.tomy.dida.R$string: int loading_word_fail
cn.com.tomy.dida.R$string: int localword_downloaded_bz
cn.com.tomy.dida.R$string: int localword_downloaded_ty
cn.com.tomy.dida.R$string: int memo
cn.com.tomy.dida.R$string: int memo_addword
cn.com.tomy.dida.R$string: int memo_addword_fail
cn.com.tomy.dida.R$string: int memo_addword_ing
cn.com.tomy.dida.R$string: int memo_addword_repeat
cn.com.tomy.dida.R$string: int memo_addword_success
cn.com.tomy.dida.R$string: int memo_addword_title
cn.com.tomy.dida.R$string: int memo_categorie
cn.com.tomy.dida.R$string: int memo_category
cn.com.tomy.dida.R$string: int memo_category_add
cn.com.tomy.dida.R$string: int memo_category_delete
cn.com.tomy.dida.R$string: int memo_category_rename
cn.com.tomy.dida.R$string: int memo_delete_memoWord
cn.com.tomy.dida.R$string: int memo_delword_fail
cn.com.tomy.dida.R$string: int memo_delword_success
cn.com.tomy.dida.R$string: int memo_familiar
cn.com.tomy.dida.R$string: int memo_familiar_1
cn.com.tomy.dida.R$string: int memo_familiar_2
cn.com.tomy.dida.R$string: int memo_familiar_3
cn.com.tomy.dida.R$string: int memo_familiar_4
cn.com.tomy.dida.R$string: int memo_familiar_5
cn.com.tomy.dida.R$string: int memo_getdata_fail_net
cn.com.tomy.dida.R$string: int memo_longclick_title
cn.com.tomy.dida.R$string: int memo_modify_category_fail
cn.com.tomy.dida.R$string: int memo_modify_category_ing
cn.com.tomy.dida.R$string: int memo_modify_category_success
cn.com.tomy.dida.R$string: int memo_modify_category_title
cn.com.tomy.dida.R$string: int memo_modify_familiar
cn.com.tomy.dida.R$string: int memo_modify_familiar_fail
cn.com.tomy.dida.R$string: int memo_modify_familiar_success
cn.com.tomy.dida.R$string: int memo_new_word
cn.com.tomy.dida.R$string: int memo_new_word_isnull
cn.com.tomy.dida.R$string: int memo_nodata
cn.com.tomy.dida.R$string: int memo_order_asc
cn.com.tomy.dida.R$string: int memo_order_dec
cn.com.tomy.dida.R$string: int memo_setting
cn.com.tomy.dida.R$string: int memo_signup
cn.com.tomy.dida.R$string: int memo_sort_date
cn.com.tomy.dida.R$string: int memo_sort_familiar
cn.com.tomy.dida.R$string: int memo_sort_word
cn.com.tomy.dida.R$string: int minute
cn.com.tomy.dida.R$string: int modify_category_tip
cn.com.tomy.dida.R$string: int month
cn.com.tomy.dida.R$string: int net_fail
cn.com.tomy.dida.R$string: int net_requesting
cn.com.tomy.dida.R$string: int net_requesting_error
cn.com.tomy.dida.R$string: int no_email_phonenumber_tip
cn.com.tomy.dida.R$string: int novoicedata
cn.com.tomy.dida.R$string: int parserdatafail
cn.com.tomy.dida.R$string: int password_label
cn.com.tomy.dida.R$string: int please_input_email
cn.com.tomy.dida.R$string: int please_input_password
cn.com.tomy.dida.R$string: int please_input_username
cn.com.tomy.dida.R$string: int pleaselogin
cn.com.tomy.dida.R$string: int quick_search
cn.com.tomy.dida.R$string: int quick_search_tip
cn.com.tomy.dida.R$string: int quit_confirmation
cn.com.tomy.dida.R$string: int reg_no_password
cn.com.tomy.dida.R$string: int reg_no_username
cn.com.tomy.dida.R$string: int reg_password_hint
cn.com.tomy.dida.R$string: int reg_password_less
cn.com.tomy.dida.R$string: int reg_username_hint
cn.com.tomy.dida.R$string: int register_doing
cn.com.tomy.dida.R$string: int register_fail_tip
cn.com.tomy.dida.R$string: int register_fail_tip_exist
cn.com.tomy.dida.R$string: int register_fail_tip_net
cn.com.tomy.dida.R$string: int register_label
cn.com.tomy.dida.R$string: int register_success_tip
cn.com.tomy.dida.R$string: int register_success_tip_login
cn.com.tomy.dida.R$string: int scb_more
cn.com.tomy.dida.R$string: int scbtip_01
cn.com.tomy.dida.R$string: int scbtip_02
cn.com.tomy.dida.R$string: int search
cn.com.tomy.dida.R$string: int searchboxHint
cn.com.tomy.dida.R$string: int send_feedback_fail
cn.com.tomy.dida.R$string: int send_feedback_ing
cn.com.tomy.dida.R$string: int send_feedback_success
cn.com.tomy.dida.R$string: int set_about
cn.com.tomy.dida.R$string: int set_about_tip
cn.com.tomy.dida.R$string: int set_check_update
cn.com.tomy.dida.R$string: int set_check_update_error
cn.com.tomy.dida.R$string: int set_feedback
cn.com.tomy.dida.R$string: int set_feedback_tip
cn.com.tomy.dida.R$string: int set_help
cn.com.tomy.dida.R$string: int set_help_tip
cn.com.tomy.dida.R$string: int set_update_tip
cn.com.tomy.dida.R$string: int setting
cn.com.tomy.dida.R$string: int share
cn.com.tomy.dida.R$string: int sign_in_doing
cn.com.tomy.dida.R$string: int sign_in_failed_tip
cn.com.tomy.dida.R$string: int sign_in_failed_tip_net
cn.com.tomy.dida.R$string: int sign_in_label
cn.com.tomy.dida.R$string: int sign_in_success_tip
cn.com.tomy.dida.R$string: int size
cn.com.tomy.dida.R$string: int sound_fail
cn.com.tomy.dida.R$string: int sound_requesting
cn.com.tomy.dida.R$string: int system_no_update
cn.com.tomy.dida.R$string: int system_update_tip
cn.com.tomy.dida.R$string: int tell_friend
cn.com.tomy.dida.R$string: int tell_friend_method
cn.com.tomy.dida.R$string: int tell_friend_tip
cn.com.tomy.dida.R$string: int tip_content_back
cn.com.tomy.dida.R$string: int tip_content_front
cn.com.tomy.dida.R$string: int tips
cn.com.tomy.dida.R$string: int tran
cn.com.tomy.dida.R$string: int translateInHint
cn.com.tomy.dida.R$string: int translate_err
cn.com.tomy.dida.R$string: int translate_menu_clearinput
cn.com.tomy.dida.R$string: int translate_ok
cn.com.tomy.dida.R$string: int translating
cn.com.tomy.dida.R$string: int translation
cn.com.tomy.dida.R$string: int tyc
cn.com.tomy.dida.R$string: int tyc_title
cn.com.tomy.dida.R$string: int uncheck_agreement
cn.com.tomy.dida.R$string: int unsupportvoice
cn.com.tomy.dida.R$string: int update_content
cn.com.tomy.dida.R$string: int username_label
cn.com.tomy.dida.R$string: int voice
cn.com.tomy.dida.R$string: int wordDetail
cn.com.tomy.dida.R$string: int wordInterpretation_fail
cn.com.tomy.dida.R$string: int word_delete_confirmation
cn.com.tomy.dida.R$string: int word_detail_notfound
cn.com.tomy.dida.R$string: int year
cn.com.tomy.dida.R$string: int yfbx
cn.com.tomy.dida.R$string: int yfeg
cn.com.tomy.dida.R$string: int yfeg_e
cn.com.tomy.dida.R$string: int yfeg_r
cn.com.tomy.dida.R$string: int yfeg_t
cn.com.tomy.dida.R$string: int yfeg_w
cn.com.tomy.dida.R$string: int yufa
cn.com.tomy.dida.R$string: int yufayongfa
cn.com.tomy.dida.R$style: int main_tab_bottom
cn.com.tomy.dida.R$style: int notitle
cn.com.tomy.dida.RegisterActivity
cn.com.tomy.dida.SendMailActivity
cn.com.tomy.dida.TestActivity
cn.com.tomy.dida.TestsActivity
cn.com.tomy.dida.TransActivity
cn.com.tomy.dida.TransActivity: void onClick(android.view.View)
cn.com.tomy.dida.WordsBookActivity
